autoline daily is brought to you by
Bridgestone passion for excellence this
is Otto line daily coming to you from
the LA auto show for November 18 2010
and now the news big day for General
Motors it's doing its IPO in fact CEO
and Chairman Dan Akerson will be ringing
the bell on the nicey and in addition to
ringing the bell they're also going to
have the horn sound of a camaro SS going
along with the ringing of the bell in
fact to use this as a marketing
opportunity General Motors is going to
have the Volt the cruise the Camaro
Convertible the cts-v coupe and a GMC
sierra HD parked outside the exchange
now what we've known so far is that the
government has raised 13.6 billion
dollars on this IPO so far that about
thirty-three dollars a share however to
get all the money back now the
government needs to see the share price
go to about fifty three dollars per
share as bloomberg reports here's some
of the news coming from the show here
toyota has announced the plug-in prius
price at thirty six thousand dollars and
if you were listening to our out of line
after our show yesterday you heard
Lotus's CEO announced that lotus is
going to build engines for indy as well
as body kits big announcement in the
racing community from that honda also
announced that it's going to have its GX
civic the one that can run on natural
gas now available in 50 states they
don't sell a whole lot of them right now
because it's primarily in california new
york and new jersey but going to 50
states should help them sell a whole lot
more of them and then the other big news
Ford is cutting more of at stake in
mazda it had been at eleven percent
they're going to drop that down to three
and a half percent as i've been saying
all along it's a slow-motion divorce
that we're watching here and coming up
next we're going to give you a little
bit of a flavor of what it's like
attending one of the press announcements
here at the LA auto show introducing
Bridgestone's third generation of
run-flat tires with groundbreaking new
Bridgestone technologies
bridgestone run flat tires offer
improved ride comfort lower rolling
resistance and improved wear while
giving you the peace of mind and
comforts you need when automakers
introduce a new car to the media and an
auto show they always try to outdo each
other why because there's so much
competition for our attention and we
wanted to give you a little bit of a
flavor of what one of the big releases
last night was from Hyundai welcome to
the LA auto show Hyundai style sometimes
everyone including automakers can get a
little nutty at auto shows so they can
cut through the clutter and get
attention for their cars take Hyundai at
the hotel figueroa last night when you
weren't dodging masked people walking
around in stilts you were trying to
avoid getting a hot foot from the fire
breathers or listening to the CEO trying
to get the mermaids attention hey you
heard me right the mermaids it's crazy
it's absolutely crazy it's crazy yeah
mermaids mermaids pay attention to them
thank you
good what you're looking at the cameras
for as crazy as it sounds it brought a
ton of journalist out to look at a car
they could easily see this morning well
come to think of it maybe it wasn't the
only reason the reporter showed up could
be they were drawn to see the dude who
just happens to be the voice of Hyundai
better known as Academy award-winning
actor and singer my favorite country
artist jeff bridges and it sure doesn't
hurt when your spokesman sells himself
on your product and then announces it to
the world eating the home game wonderful
I'll do those commercials and I talked
myself into it I got one Genesis
hey not half bad when you get a
world-famous actor to start pitching
your product and sure sounds like he's
going to end up buying a Hyundai Equus
don't forget to tune into autoline after
hours tonight we're going to be coming
to you live here from the LA auto show
that brings us to the end of this report
for today's news in the global
automotive industry thanks for watching
we'll see you tonight and tomorrow